Partner sentinelone adoption start (#23168)
demisto/content: Packs/SentinelOne/README.md

The pack includes the **SentinelOne v2** integration and the **Sentinel One - Endpoint data collection** playbook.
## How does this pack work?
Create an instance of the **SentinelOne v2** integration and start fetching information from the SentinelOne database.

> Note: Support for this Pack will be moved to the Partner on march, 20, 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Support for this Pack will be moved to the Partner on Feb 1, 2023.
```
I approve a shorter time.
